hello folks today we are sharing our
recipe for sour kraut sauerkraut is an
essential condiment in German cuisine
it's something that we prepare quite
often here at the RAF and house
sauerkraut is composed of two things
salt and cabbage and they are pickled
and fermented and for about a week at a
time in large batches and it's a great
way to preserve cabbage and to have a
nice condiment to use for hot dogs or
hamburgers or whatever you like and
here's how we make it I have two
cabbages I've got a red one and a green
one I've also got carrots onion garlic
and our flavoring agents which are red
chili flakes a little bit of dried dill
and two tablespoons of sea salt I'm
using one tablespoon per cabbage that's
basically how it works out and it's
quite simple all we do is we take these
ingredients we chop them up toss them
together and we put them in a big crock
and we weigh them down until we get a
nice brine and it ferments for about a
week and after that you're blessed with
a brilliant brilliantly colored
sauerkraut and it keeps quite well so
let's get started
okay I like to prepare my salt first two
tablespoons of sea salt as I said before
kosher salt is another good choice for
this kosher salt has unique abilities to
dry out moisture from vegetables or
meats and that could be used also so I'm
going to add some of my chili flakes and
then I'll add a little bit of my dried
dill and remember the herbs and spices
that you use for this are up to you I
take this and I just crunch it all up
together
and if you like sauerkraut you might
want to try kimchi recipes as well
because there are kimchi recipes that
call for all kinds of ingredients really
exotic stuff the sky's the limit as far
as that goes but for sauerkraut we want
to keep our recipe fairly simple we
don't deviate too much from the from the
two basic ingredients which are salt and
cabbage okay so I've got that mixed up
set that aside now if we use two heads
of green cabbage will end up with green
sauerkraut two heads of the red cabbage
will have a nice deep purple sauerkraut
but you can find that you combine the
two together and you get something
that's just lightly pink and it's really
quite gorgeous and so as far as chopping
this up it's really quite simple we're
going to chop into big chunks discarding
the core and we're going to process
these in the food processor
so we have that coarsely chopped going
to transfer these to a handy-dandy food
processor and that's what we're looking
for and all of our ingredients are going
to go into this big bowl we're going to
mix them in the bowl before we transfer
them to our big crock to ferment so
again coarsely chopped into the food
processor not too much we don't want to
overcrowd it doesn't that look nice okay
so cabbage is all chopped it's in our
big bowl we move on to the carrots
gorgeous gorgeous organic carrots so
that's what we're looking for and we
will add our diced onion not a lot and
our diced garlic again maybe a clove
onion and garlic are rather powerful
ingredients so we only use just a little
bit just to add that little underlying
flavor which I like
and toss it all together so the salt is
going to draw some of that moisture out
of the cabbage the cabbage does have a
lot of moisture so does the onion
carrots do as well so the salt will draw
out that moisture and as it sits in that
croc will put a little bit of weight on
it and a brine will start to form and we
want that brine to rise above the
vegetables here and when it sits there's
just enough salt that it will prevent
any nasty bacteria from growing but not
so much that it'll prevent lactic acid
from being produced and so the the wild
airborne bacteria and yeasts will start
to work away at the at the cabbage
nettle ferment for about a week and
after that you've got gold sauerkraut
and other pickled things are often
fermented in a crock like this a ceramic
crock and these are nice I like these
but what I actually prefer is this clear
pyrex dish
cool thing about the Pyrex is that as
this thing is sitting you can check on
it every day all you have to do is look
right through that clear pyrex and you
can see how your crowd is doing so it's
a nice way to check up on your on your
pickles now with our handy potato masher
we mash this down and by doing this
we're also helping to release some of
the moisture from these gorgeous
vegetables you'll notice as you press
down see some of that liquid coming up
that's when you know you've done a good
job here and what you want to do is you
want to find a plate that's just just
barely going to fit inside your
container okay I'll put that down press
in you see that you see that Brian
coming up if it's exactly what we're
looking for gotta press kind of hard on
that and to keep this way down a mason
jar seems to do the trick filled with
water and to keep bugs from getting in I
like to use a pillow case to cover this
with put that pillowcase over
just like so and in winter months we
like to leave this at room temperature
because it's a little bit cool in winter
months we'll leave this at room
temperature for only the eight or nine
days and that usually is enough time for
this thing to to ferment properly and
into Pickle as it should in summer
months when it's warmer if you leave it
out at room temperature it might be done
in five or six days but we'll probably
leave this for about eight maybe nine
days and check on it periodically like
this this is again why I like using the
clear dish and the pillowcase I can just
kind of peek underneath it and just see
how everything's going so when when
those eight days are up we'll check on
it it should be finished there might be
a little bit of mold on the top but we
can just scrape that off and we can
store them in large glass containers
like this they will stay in the fridge
for about a year typically you'll eat it
before then but this is a great way to
preserve vegetables they really do last
a long time when your sauerkraut is
finished the possibilities again are
endless you can put the sauerkraut on
just about anything hot dogs are nice
anything anything barbecue hot dogs
hamburgers steak it's all fair game what
we like to do is take a loaf of whole
grain sourdough
take your bread which we may toast we
may not take a little bit of mayonnaise
or maybe a little bit more mayonnaise
and on top of the mayonnaise we add our
finished sauerkraut and this my friends
is a delicious delicious little snack
this is how we do it at the RAF in the
house we hope you try and we hope you
like it